                Length Class      Mode     
call                9  -none-     call     
family              1  -none-     character
n                   1  -none-     numeric  
ntree               1  -none-     numeric  
nimpute             1  -none-     numeric  
mtry                1  -none-     numeric  
nodesize            1  -none-     numeric  
nodedepth           1  -none-     numeric  
nsplit              1  -none-     numeric  
yvar                2  data.frame list     
yvar.names          2  -none-     character
xvar               80  data.frame list     
xvar.names         80  -none-     character
xvar.wt            80  -none-     numeric  
split.wt           80  -none-     numeric  
cause.wt            1  -none-     numeric  
leaf.count       1000  -none-     numeric  
proximity           0  -none-     NULL     
forest             32  rfsrc      list     
forest.wt           0  -none-     NULL     
distance            0  -none-     NULL     
membership          0  -none-     NULL     
splitrule           1  -none-     character
inbag               0  -none-     NULL     
var.used            0  -none-     NULL     
imputed.indv        0  -none-     NULL     
imputed.data        0  -none-     NULL     
split.depth         0  -none-     NULL     
node.stats          0  -none-     NULL     
node.mtry.stats     0  -none-     NULL     
node.mtry.index     0  -none-     NULL     
node.ytry.index     0  -none-     NULL     
ensemble            1  -none-     character
holdout.array       0  -none-     NULL     
block.size          1  -none-     numeric  
empr.risk           0  -none-     NULL     
oob.empr.risk       0  -none-     NULL     
chf             10000  -none-     numeric  
chf.oob         10000  -none-     numeric  
predicted         100  -none-     numeric  
predicted.oob     100  -none-     numeric  
survival        10000  -none-     numeric  
survival.oob    10000  -none-     numeric  
cif                 0  -none-     NULL     
cif.oob             0  -none-     NULL     
err.rate         1000  -none-     numeric  
err.block.rate    100  -none-     numeric  
importance         80  -none-     numeric  
time.interest     100  -none-     numeric  
ndead               1  -none-     numeric  
