                Length Class      Mode     
call               9   -none-     call     
family             1   -none-     character
n                  1   -none-     numeric  
ntree              1   -none-     numeric  
nimpute            1   -none-     numeric  
mtry               1   -none-     numeric  
nodesize           1   -none-     numeric  
nodedepth          1   -none-     numeric  
nsplit             1   -none-     numeric  
yvar               2   data.frame list     
yvar.names         2   -none-     character
xvar             100   data.frame list     
xvar.names       100   -none-     character
xvar.wt          100   -none-     numeric  
split.wt         100   -none-     numeric  
cause.wt           1   -none-     numeric  
leaf.count      1000   -none-     numeric  
proximity          0   -none-     NULL     
forest            32   rfsrc      list     
forest.wt          0   -none-     NULL     
distance           0   -none-     NULL     
membership         0   -none-     NULL     
splitrule          1   -none-     character
inbag              0   -none-     NULL     
var.used           0   -none-     NULL     
imputed.indv      10   -none-     numeric  
imputed.data     102   data.frame list     
split.depth        0   -none-     NULL     
node.stats         0   -none-     NULL     
node.mtry.stats    0   -none-     NULL     
node.mtry.index    0   -none-     NULL     
node.ytry.index    0   -none-     NULL     
ensemble           1   -none-     character
holdout.array      0   -none-     NULL     
block.size         1   -none-     numeric  
empr.risk          0   -none-     NULL     
oob.empr.risk      0   -none-     NULL     
chf               40   -none-     numeric  
chf.oob           40   -none-     numeric  
predicted         10   -none-     numeric  
predicted.oob     10   -none-     numeric  
survival          40   -none-     numeric  
survival.oob      40   -none-     numeric  
cif                0   -none-     NULL     
cif.oob            0   -none-     NULL     
err.rate        1000   -none-     numeric  
err.block.rate   100   -none-     numeric  
importance       100   -none-     numeric  
time.interest      4   -none-     numeric  
ndead              1   -none-     numeric  
