               Length Class      Mode     
call             20   -none-     call     
family            1   -none-     character
n                 1   -none-     numeric  
ntree             1   -none-     numeric  
yvar              2   data.frame list     
yvar.names        2   -none-     character
xvar            100   data.frame list     
xvar.names      100   -none-     character
leaf.count     1000   -none-     numeric  
proximity         0   -none-     NULL     
forest           32   rfsrc      list     
forest.wt         0   -none-     NULL     
distance          0   -none-     NULL     
ptn.membership    0   -none-     NULL     
membership        0   -none-     NULL     
splitrule         1   -none-     character
inbag             0   -none-     NULL     
var.used          0   -none-     NULL     
imputed.indv     99   -none-     numeric  
imputed.data    102   data.frame list     
split.depth       0   -none-     NULL     
node.stats        0   -none-     NULL     
block.size        1   -none-     numeric  
perf.type         1   -none-     character
chf            7100   -none-     numeric  
chf.oob           0   -none-     NULL     
predicted       100   -none-     numeric  
predicted.oob     0   -none-     NULL     
survival       7100   -none-     numeric  
survival.oob      0   -none-     NULL     
cif               0   -none-     NULL     
cif.oob           0   -none-     NULL     
err.rate       1000   -none-     numeric  
err.block.rate  100   -none-     numeric  
importance      100   -none-     numeric  
time.interest    71   -none-     numeric  
ndead             1   -none-     numeric  
